Add alphabet to launcher args (#6677)
wezterm/wezterm: docs/config/lua/config/launcher_alphabet.md

---
tags:
  - launcher
---
# `launcher_alphabet`

{{since('nightly')}}

Specify a string of unique characters. The characters in the string are used

> to calculate one or two click shortcuts that can be used to quickly choose from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to calculate one or two key press shortcuts that can be used to quickly choose from
```
